---
layout: post
tags: 
    - 模型共享与集成
catalog: true
---

[TOC]

---

# 为什么

# 怎么做

- compare with github

## shared resources

- model
- data
- server

question: 

- **copyright issue**

## integration

# 做的成果

# PICO

## intro

第一页放

~~The topic I involve in is a little different with other reporters. But, believe me, every model builder here will be interested in it. ~~

My report title is surrounding model sharing and integration, we developed a service integration platform to sharing and integrate the heterogeneous geo-model. Let's recall how would we do to transfer model in traditional way. We copy the source code and compile it in our local computer, or just install the software published by author. But usually there are thousands ways of fail. 

数据的共享很多，但模型的共享和模型的集成还很少
Sharing promotes the development of disciplines. Models, data, and servers are the common resources used in geo-simulation. Nowadays, the sharing of data is popular, but the sharing of models, data processing tools, data visualization methods are less common.

Suppose that we have a geo-problem to resolve, but we don't have models, we don't have data, we don't have the high-performance computer. What we have is just a problem. We could retrieval the corresponding geo-model services and data and available computers. All we need do is pay 1$ for the resource provider. That make thing easier.
我们使用github + amazon的模式，不能说别人的不足。
This likes a combination of GitHub and Amazon. 

不讲平台组成
~~Our platform is consisted of 4 parts: Model Service Container, Data Service Container, Integration Container and Portal. 
Model service container publishes the geo-model as a web-service.
Data service container publishes the data, data processing methods and data visualization methods as web-services.
Integration container controls the procedure of data dispatch, model invoke, data visualization.
Portal gathers all the related resources together.~~

That's all, let's browse our platform in detail.


madness
问题：只有问题，没有模型数据机器
解决方案：Portal

10分钟

按照流程化的形式贴图。
截图加功能说明
